New documentation structure and content (#195)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/templates/chat/index.mdx

---
title: 'Chat'
---

import { Cards } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import { Card } from '../../../components/Card'

# Chat

> The chat template is a fully fledged chat application showcase the uses of the wallet-to-wallet messaging feature of the Liteflow infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chat template offers a ready-to-use chat application, demonstrating the full capabilities of Liteflow’s wallet-to-wallet messaging. It's designed for easy integration and customization within your existing infrastructure.
```

<Cards num={2}>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/home.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/conversation.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/embed.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/widget.png)</Card>
</Cards>

> 

Reviewer: ### Open Source
This application is open-source and fork-able. You can view the source code and contribute to it on: https://github.com/liteflow-labs/chat

Author: Open-source and fork-able. You can view the source code and contribute to it
    on GitHub at [liteflow-labs/chat](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/chat).

> You can have a look at a full demo of this template here: https://chat-liteflow.vercel.app/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Demo
Explore a live demonstration of the chat template at: https://chat-liteflow.vercel.app/
```

## Features included

<Cards>

>   <Card title="Wallet-to-wallet messaging" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Direct Messaging">
  Wallet-to-wallet communication baked into your application.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Theme customization" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Theme Customization">
  Tailor the chat interface to complement your brand’s aesthetics.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Embeddable widget" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Versatile Widget">
  An embeddable chat widget that can be placed in any part of your application.
  </Card>
```

</Cards>

> 

Reviewer: ### Multi-Chain Compatibility
Our product seamlessly integrates with a variety of blockchain ecosystems to provide a versatile and expansive user experience. It is fully compatible with major chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, and LightLink, as well as other EVM-compatible chains.

Author: Compatible with major chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, and LightLink.

---
title: 'Chat'
---

import { Cards } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import { Card } from '../../../components/Card'

# Chat

The Chat template offers a ready-to-use chat application, demonstrating the full capabilities of Liteflow’s wallet-to-wallet messaging. It's designed for easy integration and customization within your existing infrastructure.

<Cards num={2}>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/home.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/conversation.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/embed.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/chat/widget.png)</Card>
</Cards>

### Demo

Explore a live demonstration of the chat template at: https://chat-liteflow.vercel.app/

## Features included

<Cards>
  <Card title="Direct Messaging">
    Wallet-to-wallet communication baked into your application.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Theme Customization">
    Tailor the chat interface to complement your brand’s aesthetics.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Versatile Widget">
    An embeddable chat widget that can be placed in any part of your
    application.

>   </Card>

Author: Added another section to keep the balance of 6 elements

### Wallet Compatibility
Support for unlimited wallets thanks to [RainbowKit](https://www.rainbowkit.com/)
